## Title

Digital transformation, Industry 4.0, and extended reality: A Case for an Innovation Cycle

## Summary
Adobtion of digital Transformation is very popular but there is no clear path for adoption of this technology. Industry 4.0 took an important role in the adoption of these including IoT, XR, Block Chain etc.

<b>Applications of XR</b>
- Training: Training employees to Work in risky environments with high Temp, vibration, noise or altitude. Trainee may also have to wait for the availability of device or equipment. With guided tour using VR or Maybe AR inside VR. Assess their learning by simulating the activity.Comuter can store user performance and focus on the improvement.

- Operation: For precise order of execution, recognize each component and may verify system successfull execution. Device can also raise alarms, report problems andperform analysis for preventive maintenance.

- Design: Collaborate different CAD Model development but display the perspective of the viewer. Inspect each aspect and apply changes

- Management: Understand Data through XR

Four Stages of XR adoption
1. Design of the Solution: Exploring the needs and evaluating current infrastructure.
2. Proof of Concept: Prepare a demo considering the companys infrastructure
3. Prototype: Solve problems in the proof of copncept, test in production. Analysis of the performance of the solution is required.
4. Implementation: updates, maintenance and next updates
5. Feedback and Archieve  

## Problem Solved
N/A 

## Challenges / Future Scope
- This involves change in the existing architecture of the factory.
- Identifying the actual problem and identifying if technologies can offer advantage.

## Paper Link

[Digital transformation, Industry 4.0, and extended reality: A Case for an Innovation Cycle](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10190240) [IEEE - 2023]

