## Title

Virtual reality in manufacturing: immersive and collaborative artiﬁcial-reality indesign of human-robot workspace

## Summary
The paper describes the use of VR to improve manual assembly process training in industry and impact of realistic tool simulations. This also involves a user study, one with VR and without VR. This does not have any significant impact in learning but improves user engagement and entertainment. 

For manufacturing industries, Assembly is a very crucial aspect where accuracy, efficiency and daptability of workforce is required. Traditional training relies on physical models, videos. ONe crucial aspect of assembly is use of tools like screws, wrench etc. This paper addresses the gap by examining the fidelity of tool interaction in VR impacts the learning outcomes. Different literatures have been discussed focusing on VR for training and gamification. Various studies also discuss the use of physical tools as input alternatives to standard controllers.

To find whether realistic tool interactions have positive impact, VR assembly training application was developed. The application dropped the use of hand tracking due to unreliable performance. For CAD, the are used with a highperforming PC.

It contains two components, Assembly and training sequence. Realistic tools such as screwdriver, wrench have been implemented for authentic actions and caliper for measurements. Training tasks can be designed which can be sequentially or in parallel and can be executed in parallel. Training steps, progress and instructions can be displayed. Quizes can be used to challenge users. Use of visual, Audio and Haptic feedback help are provided in the application

The use of VR has not been explored much for training and study focuses on the effectiveness of the tool. On one hand, the incorporation of virtual tools may enhance the learning outcomes by allowing for more detailed training sessions. On the other hand, it could also introduce an element of excitement and variety, making the training more engaging for the users.

A use case was defined working on the assembly of an industrial PC. This required tasks such as mounting the motherboard, attaching heat pipes and close theb casing. Some tasks had an added complexity to avoid predictability. Detailed assemply steps are discussed in the paper.

Experiment - Test was conducted among various participants. Time taken for completing the test was recorded. Additionally, the researchers wrote down observations of participants’ actions and behaviors during the training session. Time was tracked from picking up the first object until the last object was placed. Participants were then asked to fill a questionnaire including <b>NASA TaskLoad Index (NASA-TLX) and System Usability Scale(SUC) to evaluate experience</b> 

Participants were then asked to memorize 10 words to distract them. Subsequently, participants engaged in the physical assembly task using real-world materials. The researchers recorded the time taken for completion and the errors made during the process and asked participants to fill out another NASA-TLX questionnaire to assess the workload associated with the physical task.

The test was discussed in detail and various graphs were discussed in the paper.
Some participants mentioned that use of these tools did not help with motor skills. while others suggested many participants expressed that the inclusion of tools would be more important for more complex tools.

## Problem Solved
- Evaluate the performance of the use of VR Technologies

## Challenges / Future Scope
- Dropped Hand tracking due to unreliable performance. 
- Tested in an environment without physics.

## Paper Link

[Virtual reality in manufacturing: immersive and collaborative artiﬁcial-reality indesign of human-robot workspace](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/0951192X.2019.1690685) [IJCIM - 2019]

