## Title

Digital Twin Utilizing XR-Technology as Robotic Training Tool

## Summary
The paper aims to explore Digital Twins and XR for effective robotic training scenarios. various scenarios are validated using cross platform devices and for safety training applications.

XR Enabled Risk free remote training for controlling, programming and safety of industrial robots. If trainees are allowed to control real equipment and see the results, training experience is very close to hands on experience. Validation of data allows to verify before deploying to hardware. 

The digital twin allows the control of the robot. after validation the physical robot sends the feedback sensor data to digital twin. The applications of DT range from training, engineering, working and socializing.

Phases - Architectural Design, Implementation & Validation.

MQTT library for Unity 3D is used. It also talks about other game engines like Godot.

Various requirements have been listed in order for proper implementation such as security, performance and usability.

The paper uses a clud based MQTT Broker for interaction, robo3d lab server that connects the cloud and the hardware, XR device.

The environment was developed using lazer scanner based on the point cloud data, a 3D model was created and textured using blender. 


## Problem Solved
 - Validation of data beofre controlling hardware such as validating robot trajectories.
 - XR training scenarios for robotic safety, pick and place and assembly.
 - Web based XR to support cross platform functionality
 - teleportation and trajectory validation

## Challenges / Future Scope
- Uses a camera to estimate position.
- Use of MQTT/OPC-UA over ROS - Performance measures?

## Paper Link

[Digital Twin Utilizing XR-Technology as Robotic Training Tool](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/366567448_Digital_Twins_Utilizing_XR-Technology_as_Robotic_Training_Tools) [RESEARCHGATE - 2022]